## Installation Instructions for FSEN

1.	Get the source of FSEN from GitHub or download the source code tarball and extract the tarball in a working directory.
1.	Make sure that you have installed [Concrete5](http://www.concrete5.org) V5.6.3.2 correctly. Note that the account accessing your MySQL database instance should have *CREATE VIEW* privilege. This is important because the default installation of Concreate5 does not have this set on.
1.	Copy files in concrete/ directory to your Concrete5 installtion and replace the old ones. We have some fixes and enhancenments for the original Concrete5 release (See section below) and update the jQuery and other dependencies to be the latest version.
1.	Copy files in `config/`, `blocks/`, `controllers/`, `single_pages/`, `helpers/`, `models`, `tools/`, `themes/`, `elements/`, `jobs/`, `js/`, `libraries/`, and `page_types/` to the corresponding directories of your Concrete5 installation.
1.	Make a sub-directory called `fsen/` in `files/` directory of your Concrete5 installation tree. And make a directory called `sections/` in `files/fsen/` directory. All sections generated by users will be stored here.
1.	Define the following constants in your `config/site.php` file:

		define('SYSTEM_PROJECT_SHORTNAME', 'sys');
		define('EMAIL_DEFAULT_FROM_ADDRESS', '');		# the email address used to send notification emails to users.
		define('EMAIL_DEFAULT_FROM_NAME', 'FSEN Daemon');

1.	Run install.php in tools/ directory in your browser to intall FSEN blocks, themes, singl pages, and other things:

		http://<www.examples.com>/index.php/tools/install.php

1.	Other Concrete5 settings:
	* Enable Pretty URLs (Dashboard -> SEO & STATISTICS > Pretty URLs).
	* Setup correct SMTP method (Dashboard -> EMAIL > SMTP Method).
	* Enable cache (Dashboard -> OPTIMIZATION -> Cache & Speed Settings.
	* Set Mobile Theme as Full Stack Style Mobile (Full Dashboard -> Themes).

1.	Create database triggers in your database instance. Because some limitations of non-super-user to drop/create triggers on a MySQL instance, we do not include the triggers creation in the installation script. You need to install the triggers mannly. The source code to create the triggers included in the `db.sql` file in the top directory of the source tree of FSEN.
1.	Visit the home of your site and sign up a new account. The first user account will be the owner of the SYSTEM project.

## Some fixes and/or enhancements for Concrete5 V5.6.3.2

1.	Upgrade Bootstrap to the latest version (V3.3.1).
1.	Upgrade jQuery, some plugins of jQuery, and jQuery UI to be the latest version (v1.10.2).
1.	Enhance to have full-page cache support when you have a theme for mobile device.
1.	Use md5 hash value as the file name of the full page file.
1.	Fix for non-root single pages can have template file in a specific theme.

## Important Notes

1. Currently, we have not written FSEN as a package of Concrete5. We will do this in the future. Therefore, you need to install FSEN on a clean Concrete5 installation, in order to avoid some confilicts.
1. After you have installed FSEN, please remove install.php from your system or just add a line as below in the top of the file.

		exit (0);

